have we and this man woman's maybe one two one of the all you can be our
own own at a from the once a be all you can be and qualifies what
you can do that will help you be satisfied with your career if you're
making an upward mobility able mobility choice theory don't have
approval Cody people start to stagnate that's why people get out you
know if if you're in the P. three eight and you can not make the conversion
to T. eight here are in a downward spiral that there is a life
there's a half life at that point and you know what I think maybe
we only have one year for we get out okay all what happens if I need
something exactly that but that for yeah you know you have you don't
worry yeah that would be the yeah don't worry carry on